{% docs __fueled_web__ %}

{% raw %}

# Fueled Web Package

Welcome to the model documentation site for the Fueled web dbt package. The package contains is a fully incremental model, that transforms raw web event data generated by the [Fueled JavaScript tracker](https://fueled.io) into a series of derived tables of varying levels of aggregation.

_Note this model design doc site is linked to latest release of the package. If you are not using the latest release, [generate and serve](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/commands/cmd-docs#dbt-docs-serve) the doc site locally for accurate documentation._

## Overview

This model consists of a series of modules, each producing a table which serves as the input to the next module. The 'standard' modules are:

- Base: Performs the incremental logic, outputting the table `fueled_web_base_events_this_run` which contains a de-duped data set of all events required for the current run of the model.
- Page Views: Aggregates event level data to a page view level, `page_view_id`.
- Sessions: Aggregates page view level data to a session level, `domain_sessionid`.
- Users: Aggregates session level data to a users level, `domain_userid`.
- User Mapping: Provides a mapping between user identifiers, `domain_userid` and `user_id`. This can be used for session stitching.

Each module produces a table which acts as the input to the subsequent module (the `_this_run` tables), and updates a derived table - with the exception of the Base module, which takes atomic data as its input, and does not update a derived table.

## Installation

TODO - Documentation on the installation of this package coming soon.

# Copyright and license

The fueled-web package is based upon Snowplow Analytic's original Copyright 2021-2022.

DBT-Fueled-Web is copyrighted 2023.

Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0][license] (the "License");
you may not use this software except in compliance with the License.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

[license]: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

## Significant Changes

Snowplow's dbt-snowplow-web package has been mirrored by Fueled to work with Fueled's base event structures.

{% endraw %}
{% enddocs %}
